Initial Dev Onboarding + Resources (#1)
pathwaystoeducation/get-started: README.md

# Welcome to the Pathways to Education Lab

> We create + share technologies optimized for impact in the areas of youth well-being and education. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We create + share technology optimized for impact in the areas of youth well-being and education. 
```

Thank you for contributing to our product development team - we’re thrilled to have you on board as we build the future of education. Here are some notes and best practices to keep us in sync on this journey.

## Development Best Practices
-  New to Github? [Get started here](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)
- Please share all code in repositories under the [`pathwaystoeducation`](https://github.com/pathwaystoeducation) Github, and use branches to work independently. While not necessary, we recommend naming branches appropriately and [kebab-casing](https://medium.com/better-programming/string-case-styles-camel-pascal-snake-and-kebab-case-981407998841) names (i.e. `gradball-frontend`)
- Commit early, and commit often; provide short, insightful commit messages that note what's being added/modified and why

>   (e.g. "**Add UI for Login Page**", or "**Remove Extra Character to Fix #21**", referencing Github Issues if needed) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (e.g. "**Add UI for Student Login Page**", or "**Remove Extra Character to Fix #21**", referencing Github Issues if needed) 
```
Including addition of word student to add context b/c this is particular to Pathways. :)

- Always add as much documentation as possible - with comments in code, in readmes, wikis, etc.

> - Create pull-requests and always ensure PR (Pull Request) is reviewed and approved before merging. This should at the very minimum be you reviewing your own code as a third party, but ideally involves at least one other member of the team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create pull-requests and always ensure PR (Pull Request) is reviewed and approved before merging. At the very minimum, this should be a thorough review of your own code, but ideally involves a third-party review by at least one other member of the team.
```

### Sample Development Workflow

**Before development:**

> - Feedback is sent in email, slack, or other medium and should be logged as an Insight in [ProductBoard](https://pathwayscanada.productboard.com/feature-board/1972714-feature-organization) *(Requires Login)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feedback sent in email, Slack, or other channels and should be logged as an Insight in [ProductBoard](https://pathwayscanada.productboard.com/feature-board/1972714-feature-organization) *(Requires Login)*
```

- Insights are collected and summarized weekly, and then logged as a Feature in ProductBoard. The colour next to the feature indicates current status
- When ready to be worked on, features are pushed as Issues to their respective Github repository. As issues are being worked on, the status will be changed in ProductBoard.

**During development:**
- When working on an issue, please assign the Github Issue to yourself. Share comments or updates within the issue itself as necessary to keep others informed

> - Code should be worked on in a separate branch based on the latest master, unless absolutely required otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code should be worked on in a separate branch based on the latest main, unless absolutely required otherwise
```

Reviewer: To reflect Github change https://github.com/github/renaming

Author: Good catch, thank you!

- Please name Branches and Pull Requests as per the guidelines above in Development Best Practices
- Once the bug-fix is completed, please push the branch, rebasing off master if needed, and then create a pull-request with some brief information and referencing the Issue # in the PR Title
- Wait for review, tagging other developers if necessary

> - Address any feedback, and merge PRs only when approved by at least one reviewer by using "Squash and Merge." 

Reviewer: Squash and Merge - may need more context? Is there a link or info that can be provided? Or is it assumed that anyone reading would inherently know what it references?

Author: Good call - it's a dropdown when merging a PR, but I can link to it for now. For future, we can enable this as a default for branches so we'll just use that!
